docs: update migration guide bundler conditions section (#8965)
sveltejs/svelte: documentation/docs/05-misc/04-v4-migration-guide.md

## Browser conditions for bundlers

> Bundlers must now specify the `browser` condition when building a frontend bundle for the browser. SvelteKit and Vite will handle this automatically for you. If you're using any others, you may observe lifecycle callbacks such as `onMount` not get called and you'll need to update the module resolution configuration. For `@rollup/plugin-node-resolve`, this can be done by setting `browser: true` in its options. See the examples in the [`rollup-plugin-svelte`](https://github.com/sveltejs/rollup-plugin-svelte/#usage) and [`svelte-loader`](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte-loader#usage) documentation if you're using Rollup or Webpack. ([#8516](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/issues/8516))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bundlers must now specify the `browser` condition when building a frontend bundle for the browser. SvelteKit and Vite will handle this automatically for you. If you're using any others, you may observe lifecycle callbacks such as `onMount` not get called and you'll need to update the module resolution configuration.
- For Rollup this is done within the `@rollup/plugin-node-resolve` plugin by setting `browser: true` in its options. See the [`rollup-plugin-svelte`](https://github.com/sveltejs/rollup-plugin-svelte/#usage) documentation for more details
- For wepback this is done by adding `"browser"` to the `conditionNames` array. You may also have to update your `alias` config, if you have set it. See the [`svelte-loader`](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte-loader#usage) documentation for more details

([#8516](https://github.com/sveltejs/svelte/issues/8516))
```
